
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000607                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   607029500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  607029500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 196271                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   372498                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60039350                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1013480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1984396                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3766145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       179456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             179456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         2804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                2804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    295629784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             295629784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    295629784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            295629784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        2804                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      2804                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 179456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  179456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     606968000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  2804                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    311.774648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.183741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.183499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          278     48.94%     48.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           95     16.73%     65.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           45      7.92%     73.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           18      3.17%     76.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           11      1.94%     78.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      1.58%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      1.58%     81.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      1.06%     82.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           97     17.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     88060749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               140635749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   14020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31405.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50155.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       295.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    295.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     2226                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     216465.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    79.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  3243240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1769625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                13634400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             39159120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            151921530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            226616250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              436344165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            727.481253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    373480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      20020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     206314250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  1013040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   552750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 7761000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             39159120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            122670270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            252267000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              423423180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            705.955326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    421366500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      20020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     161063500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                199                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu00.numCycles                        1214059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                    126957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                      321809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses              219800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                88863                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                       794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts        30992                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                     219800                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                       88863                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads            428907                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes           186857                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads             183141                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes             80547                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads             163256                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes            118793                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                       46822                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                     21093                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                    25729                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             1214058.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.Branches                           32159                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass               21908      6.81%      6.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                  189756     58.97%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                   8217      2.55%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                      42      0.01%     68.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                 55064     17.11%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     85.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                  21093      6.55%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                 25729      8.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                   321809                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu01.numCycles                        1203958                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                     59909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                      111091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses              110725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts         8805                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                     110725                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads            203851                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes           109933                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads              44276                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes             76008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                       16874                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                     16690                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             816680.194645                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             387277.805355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.321671                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.678329                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.Branches                            8829                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                   85873     77.30%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.38%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                  16690     15.02%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                   111091                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu02.numCycles                        1203730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                     59849                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                      110971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses              110615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts         8785                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                     110615                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads            203681                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes           109843                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads              44176                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes             75948                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                       16864                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                     16680                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             817922.547999                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             385807.452001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.320510                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.679490                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.Branches                            8809                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                   85763     77.28%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.38%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                  16680     15.03%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                   110971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu03.numCycles                        1202708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                     59933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                      111139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses              110769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts         8813                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                     110769                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads            203919                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes           109969                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads              44316                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes             76032                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                       16878                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                     16694                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             818201.918491                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             384506.081509                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.319700                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.680300                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.Branches                            8837                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                   85917     77.31%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.37%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                  16694     15.02%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                   111139                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu04.numCycles                        1203545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                     59801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                      110875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses              110527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts         8769                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                     110527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads            203545                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes           109771                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads              44096                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes             75900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                       16856                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                     16672                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             818259.798025                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             385285.201975                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.320125                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.679875                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.Branches                            8793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                   85675     77.27%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.39%     84.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                  16672     15.04%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                   110875                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu05.numCycles                        1203528                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                     60071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                      111415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses              111022                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts         8859                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                     111022                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads            204310                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes           110176                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads              44546                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes             76170                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                       16901                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                     16717                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             818088.636703                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             385439.363297                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.320258                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.679742                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.Branches                            8883                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                   86170     77.34%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.36%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                  16717     15.00%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                   111415                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu06.numCycles                        1203250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                     60083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                      111439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses              111044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts         8863                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                     111044                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads            204344                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes           110194                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads              44566                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes             76182                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                       16903                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                     16719                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             818184.113186                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             385065.886814                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.320022                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.679978                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.Branches                            8887                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                   86192     77.34%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.35%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                  16719     15.00%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                   111439                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu07.numCycles                        1202568                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                     59897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                      111067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses              110703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts         8801                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                     110703                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads            203817                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes           109915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads              44256                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes             75996                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                       16872                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                     16688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             817886.777748                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             384681.222252                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.319883                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.680117                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.Branches                            8825                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                   85851     77.30%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.38%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                  16688     15.03%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                   111067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu08.numCycles                        1203014                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                     59999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                      111271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses              110890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts         8835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                     110890                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads            204106                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes           110068                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads              44426                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes             76098                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                       16889                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                     16705                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             818305.054550                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             384708.945450                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.319788                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.680212                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.Branches                            8859                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                   86038     77.32%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.36%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                  16705     15.01%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                   111271                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu09.numCycles                        1203868                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                     60125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                      111523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses              111121                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts         8877                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                     111121                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads            204463                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes           110257                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads              44636                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes             76224                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                       16910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                     16726                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             817776.349011                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             386091.650989                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.320709                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.679291                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.Branches                            8901                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                   86269     77.36%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.35%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                  16726     15.00%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                   111523                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.numCycles                        1203332                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                     59825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                      110923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses              110571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts         8777                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                     110571                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads            203613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes           109807                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads              44136                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes             75924                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                       16860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                     16676                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             818058.488346                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             385273.511654                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.320172                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.679828                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.Branches                            8801                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                   85719     77.28%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.39%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                  16676     15.03%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                   110923                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.numCycles                        1203203                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                     59957                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                      111187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses              110813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts         8821                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                     110813                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads            203987                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes           110005                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads              44356                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes             76056                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                       16882                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                     16698                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             818160.082662                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             385042.917338                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.320015                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.679985                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.Branches                            8845                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                   85961     77.31%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.37%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                  16698     15.02%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                   111187                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.numCycles                        1204367                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                     59981                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                      111235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses              110857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts         8829                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                     110857                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads            204055                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes           110041                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads              44396                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes             76080                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                       16886                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                     16702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             817674.859590                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             386692.140410                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.321075                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.678925                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.Branches                            8853                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                   86005     77.32%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.37%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                  16702     15.02%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                   111235                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.numCycles                        1202874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                     59861                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                      110995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses              110637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts         8789                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                     110637                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads            203715                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes           109861                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads              44196                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes             75960                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                       16866                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                     16682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             818170.193328                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             384703.806672                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.319821                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.680179                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.Branches                            8813                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                   85785     77.29%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.38%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                  16682     15.03%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                   110995                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.numCycles                        1203820                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                     59945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                      111163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses              110791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts         8817                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                     110791                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads            203953                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes           109987                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads              44336                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes             76044                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                       16880                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                     16696                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             817967.837042                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             385852.162958                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.320523                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.679477                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.Branches                            8841                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                   85939     77.31%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.37%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                  16696     15.02%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                   111163                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.numCycles                        1204077                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                     60095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                      111463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses              111066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts         8867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                     111066                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads            204378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes           110212                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads              44586                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes             76194                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                       16905                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                     16721                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             817776.496517                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             386300.503483                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.320827                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.679173                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.Branches                            8891                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                   86214     77.35%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.35%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                  16721     15.00%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                   111463                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu16.numCycles                        1202475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu16.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu16.committedInsts                     60257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu16.committedOps                      111787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu16.num_int_alu_accesses              111363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu16.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu16.num_conditional_control_insts         8921                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu16.num_int_insts                     111363                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu16.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu16.num_int_register_reads            204837                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu16.num_int_register_writes           110455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu16.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu16.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu16.num_cc_register_reads              44856                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu16.num_cc_register_writes             76356                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu16.num_mem_refs                       16932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu16.num_load_insts                     16748                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu16.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu16.num_idle_cycles             817675.948570                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu16.num_busy_cycles             384799.051430                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu16.not_idle_fraction               0.320006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu16.idle_fraction                   0.679994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu16.Branches                            8945                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu16.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntAlu                   86511     77.39%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.33%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::MemRead                  16748     14.98%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu16.op_class::total                   111787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu17.numCycles                        1201927                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu17.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu17.committedInsts                     59749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu17.committedOps                      110764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu17.num_int_alu_accesses              110424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu17.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu17.num_conditional_control_insts         8752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu17.num_int_insts                     110424                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu17.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu17.num_int_register_reads            203377                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu17.num_int_register_writes           109684                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu17.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu17.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu17.num_cc_register_reads              43997                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu17.num_cc_register_writes             75848                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu17.num_mem_refs                       16849                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu17.num_load_insts                     16663                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu17.num_store_insts                      186                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu17.num_idle_cycles             818309.158970                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu17.num_busy_cycles             383617.841030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu17.not_idle_fraction               0.319169                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu17.idle_fraction                   0.680831                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu17.Branches                            8774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu17.op_class::No_OpClass                 134      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntAlu                   85572     77.26%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.40%     84.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::MemRead                  16663     15.04%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::MemWrite                   186      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu17.op_class::total                   110764                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu18.numCycles                        1202771                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu18.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu18.committedInsts                     59969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu18.committedOps                      111211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu18.num_int_alu_accesses              110835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu18.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu18.num_conditional_control_insts         8825                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu18.num_int_insts                     110835                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu18.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu18.num_int_register_reads            204021                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu18.num_int_register_writes           110023                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu18.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu18.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu18.num_cc_register_reads              44376                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu18.num_cc_register_writes             76068                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu18.num_mem_refs                       16884                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu18.num_load_insts                     16700                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu18.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu18.num_idle_cycles             818499.387855                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu18.num_busy_cycles             384271.612145                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu18.not_idle_fraction               0.319489                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu18.idle_fraction                   0.680511                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu18.Branches                            8849                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu18.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntAlu                   85983     77.32%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.37%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::MemRead                  16700     15.02%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu18.op_class::total                   111211                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu19.numCycles                        1203596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu19.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu19.committedInsts                     59789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu19.committedOps                      110851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu19.num_int_alu_accesses              110505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu19.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu19.num_conditional_control_insts         8765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu19.num_int_insts                     110505                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu19.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu19.num_int_register_reads            203511                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu19.num_int_register_writes           109753                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu19.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu19.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu19.num_cc_register_reads              44076                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu19.num_cc_register_writes             75888                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu19.num_mem_refs                       16854                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu19.num_load_insts                     16670                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu19.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu19.num_idle_cycles             817949.470768                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu19.num_busy_cycles             385646.529232                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu19.not_idle_fraction               0.320412                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu19.idle_fraction                   0.679588                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu19.Branches                            8789                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu19.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntAlu                   85653     77.27%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.39%     84.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::MemRead                  16670     15.04%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu19.op_class::total                   110851                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu20.numCycles                        1204136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu20.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu20.committedInsts                     59837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu20.committedOps                      110947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu20.num_int_alu_accesses              110593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu20.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu20.num_conditional_control_insts         8781                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu20.num_int_insts                     110593                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu20.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu20.num_int_register_reads            203647                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu20.num_int_register_writes           109825                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu20.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu20.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu20.num_cc_register_reads              44156                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu20.num_cc_register_writes             75936                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu20.num_mem_refs                       16862                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu20.num_load_insts                     16678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu20.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu20.num_idle_cycles             818077.418112                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu20.num_busy_cycles             386058.581888                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu20.not_idle_fraction               0.320610                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu20.idle_fraction                   0.679390                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu20.Branches                            8805                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu20.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntAlu                   85741     77.28%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.39%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::MemRead                  16678     15.03%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu20.op_class::total                   110947                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu21.numCycles                        1202518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu21.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu21.committedInsts                     59885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu21.committedOps                      111043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu21.num_int_alu_accesses              110681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu21.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu21.num_conditional_control_insts         8797                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu21.num_int_insts                     110681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu21.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu21.num_int_register_reads            203783                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu21.num_int_register_writes           109897                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu21.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu21.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu21.num_cc_register_reads              44236                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu21.num_cc_register_writes             75984                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu21.num_mem_refs                       16870                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu21.num_load_insts                     16686                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu21.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu21.num_idle_cycles             818411.410447                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu21.num_busy_cycles             384106.589553                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu21.not_idle_fraction               0.319419                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu21.idle_fraction                   0.680581                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu21.Branches                            8821                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu21.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntAlu                   85829     77.29%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.38%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::MemRead                  16686     15.03%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu21.op_class::total                   111043                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu22.numCycles                        1203229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu22.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu22.committedInsts                     59813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu22.committedOps                      110899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu22.num_int_alu_accesses              110549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu22.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu22.num_conditional_control_insts         8773                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu22.num_int_insts                     110549                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu22.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu22.num_int_register_reads            203579                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu22.num_int_register_writes           109789                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu22.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu22.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu22.num_cc_register_reads              44116                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu22.num_cc_register_writes             75912                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu22.num_mem_refs                       16858                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu22.num_load_insts                     16674                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu22.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu22.num_idle_cycles             818186.681989                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu22.num_busy_cycles             385042.318011                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu22.not_idle_fraction               0.320008                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu22.idle_fraction                   0.679992                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu22.Branches                            8797                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu22.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntAlu                   85697     77.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.39%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::MemRead                  16674     15.04%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu22.op_class::total                   110899                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu23.numCycles                        1202040                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu23.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu23.committedInsts                     59987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu23.committedOps                      111247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu23.num_int_alu_accesses              110868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu23.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu23.num_conditional_control_insts         8831                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu23.num_int_insts                     110868                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu23.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu23.num_int_register_reads            204072                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu23.num_int_register_writes           110050                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu23.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu23.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu23.num_cc_register_reads              44406                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu23.num_cc_register_writes             76086                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu23.num_mem_refs                       16887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu23.num_load_insts                     16703                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu23.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu23.num_idle_cycles             818551.439598                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu23.num_busy_cycles             383488.560402                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu23.not_idle_fraction               0.319031                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu23.idle_fraction                   0.680969                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu23.Branches                            8855                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu23.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntAlu                   86016     77.32%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.37%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::MemRead                  16703     15.01%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu23.op_class::total                   111247                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu24.numCycles                        1203713                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu24.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu24.committedInsts                     60053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu24.committedOps                      111379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu24.num_int_alu_accesses              110989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu24.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu24.num_conditional_control_insts         8853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu24.num_int_insts                     110989                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu24.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu24.num_int_register_reads            204259                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu24.num_int_register_writes           110149                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu24.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu24.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu24.num_cc_register_reads              44516                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu24.num_cc_register_writes             76152                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu24.num_mem_refs                       16898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu24.num_load_insts                     16714                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu24.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu24.num_idle_cycles             817813.831808                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu24.num_busy_cycles             385899.168192                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu24.not_idle_fraction               0.320591                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu24.idle_fraction                   0.679409                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu24.Branches                            8877                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu24.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntAlu                   86137     77.34%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.36%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::MemRead                  16714     15.01%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu24.op_class::total                   111379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu25.numCycles                        1203423                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu25.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu25.committedInsts                     60113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu25.committedOps                      111499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu25.num_int_alu_accesses              111099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu25.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu25.num_conditional_control_insts         8873                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu25.num_int_insts                     111099                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu25.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu25.num_int_register_reads            204429                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu25.num_int_register_writes           110239                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu25.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu25.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu25.num_cc_register_reads              44616                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu25.num_cc_register_writes             76212                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu25.num_mem_refs                       16908                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu25.num_load_insts                     16724                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu25.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu25.num_idle_cycles             817495.871910                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu25.num_busy_cycles             385927.128090                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu25.not_idle_fraction               0.320691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu25.idle_fraction                   0.679309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu25.Branches                            8897                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu25.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntAlu                   86247     77.35%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.35%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::MemRead                  16724     15.00%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu25.op_class::total                   111499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu26.numCycles                        1202154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu26.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu26.committedInsts                     60005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu26.committedOps                      111283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu26.num_int_alu_accesses              110901                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu26.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu26.num_conditional_control_insts         8837                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu26.num_int_insts                     110901                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu26.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu26.num_int_register_reads            204123                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu26.num_int_register_writes           110077                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu26.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu26.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu26.num_cc_register_reads              44436                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu26.num_cc_register_writes             76104                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu26.num_mem_refs                       16890                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu26.num_load_insts                     16706                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu26.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu26.num_idle_cycles             818487.472264                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu26.num_busy_cycles             383666.527736                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu26.not_idle_fraction               0.319149                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu26.idle_fraction                   0.680851                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu26.Branches                            8861                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu26.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntAlu                   86049     77.32%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.36%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::MemRead                  16706     15.01%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu26.op_class::total                   111283                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu27.numCycles                        1202678                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu27.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu27.committedInsts                     59777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu27.committedOps                      110827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu27.num_int_alu_accesses              110483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu27.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu27.num_conditional_control_insts         8761                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu27.num_int_insts                     110483                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu27.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu27.num_int_register_reads            203477                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu27.num_int_register_writes           109735                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu27.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu27.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu27.num_cc_register_reads              44056                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu27.num_cc_register_writes             75876                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu27.num_mem_refs                       16852                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu27.num_load_insts                     16668                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu27.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu27.num_idle_cycles             818235.003285                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu27.num_busy_cycles             384442.996715                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu27.not_idle_fraction               0.319656                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu27.idle_fraction                   0.680344                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu27.Branches                            8785                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu27.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntAlu                   85631     77.27%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.39%     84.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::MemRead                  16668     15.04%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu27.op_class::total                   110827                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu28.numCycles                        1203570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu28.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu28.committedInsts                     59873                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu28.committedOps                      111019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu28.num_int_alu_accesses              110659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu28.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu28.num_conditional_control_insts         8793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu28.num_int_insts                     110659                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu28.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu28.num_int_register_reads            203749                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu28.num_int_register_writes           109879                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu28.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu28.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu28.num_cc_register_reads              44216                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu28.num_cc_register_writes             75972                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu28.num_mem_refs                       16868                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu28.num_load_insts                     16684                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu28.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu28.num_idle_cycles             817950.637326                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu28.num_busy_cycles             385619.362674                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu28.not_idle_fraction               0.320396                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu28.idle_fraction                   0.679604                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu28.Branches                            8817                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu28.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntAlu                   85807     77.29%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.38%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::MemRead                  16684     15.03%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu28.op_class::total                   111019                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu29.numCycles                        1204178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu29.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu29.committedInsts                     60043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu29.committedOps                      111362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu29.num_int_alu_accesses              110973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu29.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu29.num_conditional_control_insts         8851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu29.num_int_insts                     110973                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu29.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu29.num_int_register_reads            204235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu29.num_int_register_writes           110136                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu29.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu29.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu29.num_cc_register_reads              44505                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu29.num_cc_register_writes             76144                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu29.num_mem_refs                       16897                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu29.num_load_insts                     16713                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu29.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu29.num_idle_cycles             818244.813039                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu29.num_busy_cycles             385933.186961                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu29.not_idle_fraction               0.320495                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu29.idle_fraction                   0.679505                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu29.Branches                            8875                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu29.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntAlu                   86121     77.33%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.36%     84.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::MemRead                  16713     15.01%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu29.op_class::total                   111362                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu30.numCycles                        1203624                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu30.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu30.committedInsts                     59545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu30.committedOps                      110366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu30.num_int_alu_accesses              110060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu30.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu30.num_conditional_control_insts         8685                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu30.num_int_insts                     110060                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu30.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu30.num_int_register_reads            202824                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu30.num_int_register_writes           109389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu30.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu30.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu30.num_cc_register_reads              43675                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu30.num_cc_register_writes             75646                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu30.num_mem_refs                       16814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu30.num_load_insts                     16630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu30.num_store_insts                      184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu30.num_idle_cycles             819962.214416                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu30.num_busy_cycles             383661.785584                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu30.not_idle_fraction               0.318756                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu30.idle_fraction                   0.681244                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu30.Branches                            8709                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu30.op_class::No_OpClass                 135      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntAlu                   85208     77.20%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.43%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::MemRead                  16630     15.07%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::MemWrite                   184      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu30.op_class::total                   110366                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.apic_clk_domain.clock               8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu31.numCycles                        1202372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu31.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu31.committedInsts                     59413                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu31.committedOps                      110095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu31.num_int_alu_accesses              109811                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu31.num_func_calls                        15                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu31.num_conditional_control_insts         8640                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu31.num_int_insts                     109811                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu31.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu31.num_int_register_reads            202438                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu31.num_int_register_writes           109184                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu31.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu31.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu31.num_cc_register_reads              43448                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu31.num_cc_register_writes             75514                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu31.num_mem_refs                       16792                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu31.num_load_insts                     16606                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu31.num_store_insts                      186                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu31.num_idle_cycles             821672.383228                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu31.num_busy_cycles             380699.616772                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu31.not_idle_fraction               0.316624                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu31.idle_fraction                   0.683376                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu31.Branches                            8662                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu31.op_class::No_OpClass                 134      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntAlu                   84960     77.17%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntMult                   8195      7.44%     84.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IntDiv                      14      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::MemRead                  16606     15.08%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::MemWrite                   186      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu31.op_class::total                   110095                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples      2867187                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.000835                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2867185    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total       2867187                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples             2867187                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               3.623711                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.103847                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             15.863422                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |     2867000     99.99%     99.99% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total               2867187                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples         2827180                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  3                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2827180    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total           2827180                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples          40007                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean         47.699578                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean        34.378938                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       126.748275                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |       39820     99.53%     99.53% |         102      0.25%     99.79% |          20      0.05%     99.84% |          13      0.03%     99.87% |           8      0.02%     99.89% |          17      0.04%     99.93% |          27      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total            40007                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits        42491                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       162962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          511                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       163473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15771                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits        68790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16860                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits        68692                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15779                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits        68846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68877                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16886                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits        68874                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15763                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits        68734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68765                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits        68832                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits        69007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses        69038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15833                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16932                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits        69196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses        69227                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15744                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16849                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits        68605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses           29                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits        68860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68891                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15751                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16854                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits        68650                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits        68720                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68751                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits        68706                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15767                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits        68762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15755                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits        68678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68709                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16887                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits        68881                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16898                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits        68958                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15805                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16908                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits        69028                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses        69059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15787                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16890                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits        68902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16852                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits        68636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits        68748                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68779                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15795                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16897                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits        68944                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68975                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15775                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits        68818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68849                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15712                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16814                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits        68363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68394                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15690                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits        68210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses           32                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68242                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits        68664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15798                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits        68979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses        69010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits        68993                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses        69024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15769                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits        68776                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16889                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_hits        68895                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.L1Icache.demand_accesses        68926                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        16910                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_hits        69042                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_misses           31                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.L1Icache.demand_accesses        69073                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        11331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        28676                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        40007                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_count             56834                       # Number of multicast GETS's received
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_count              9028                       # Number of multicast GETX's received
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_count             11341                       # Number of multicast PUTX's received
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.total_nodes_predicted            0                       # Total count of nodes predicted in multicasts
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.extra_nodes_predicted            0                       # Total count extra unecessary nodes predicted in multicasts
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.perfect_nodes_predicted       209276                       # Total count of nodes predicted with perfect multicasts
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.accurate_GETS_predictions        15580                       # Total count of accurate GETS predictions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.accurate_GETX_predictions         6846                       # Total count of accurate GETX predictions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.accurate_PUTX_predictions            0                       # Total count of accurate PUTX predictions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.l2_GETS_services        15580                       # Total count of GETS operations serviced by l2
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.l2_GETX_services         6846                       # Total count of GETX operations serviced by l2
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.l2_PUTX_services            0                       # Total count of PUTX operations serviced by l2
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_false_positive            0                       # Total count of GETS operations predicting L1 sharing when none exists
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_true_positive            0                       # Total count of GETS operations correctly predicting L1 sharing
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_false_negative        41254                       # Total count of GETS operations predicting no L1 sharing when sharing exists
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_true_negative        15580                       # Total count of GETS operations correctly predicting no L1 sharing
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_false_positive            0                       # Total count of GETX operations predicting L1 sharing when none exists
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_true_positive            0                       # Total count of GETX operations correctly predicting L1 sharing
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_false_negative         2152                       # Total count of GETX operations predicting no L1 sharing when sharing exists
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_true_negative         6876                       # Total count of GETX operations correctly predicting no L1 sharing
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_false_positive            0                       # Total count of PUTX operations predicting L1 sharing when none exists
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_true_positive            0                       # Total count of PUTX operations correctly predicting L1 sharing
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_false_negative            0                       # Total count of PUTX operations predicting no L1 sharing when sharing exists
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_true_negative        11341                       # Total count of PUTX operations correctly predicting no L1 sharing
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.avg_nodes_in_multicast            0                       # Avg. number of nodes included in multicasts
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.avg_extra_nodes_predicted            0                       # Avg. number of extra (uncessary) nodes included in multicasts
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.multicast_traffic_ratio            0                       # Ratio of total nodes predicted to nodes predicted in multicast to nodes in perfect multicast
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.overall_prediction_accuracy     0.290481                       # Percent accuracy of all predictions made by L1's in system
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_prediction_accuracy     0.274132                       # Percent accuracy of all GETS predictions made by L1's in system
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_prediction_accuracy     0.758307                       # Percent accuracy of all GETX predictions made by L1's in system
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_prediction_accuracy            0                       # Percent accuracy of all PUTX predictions made by L1's in system
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.overall_l2_accuracy     0.290481                       # Percent of all predictions serviced by L2
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_l2_accuracy     0.274132                       # Percent of all GETS predictions serviced by L2
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_l2_accuracy     0.758307                       # Percent of all GETX predictions serviced by L2
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_l2_accuracy            0                       # Percent of all PUTX predictions serviced by L2
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.overall_prevalence     0.562232                       # Rate at which true sharing occurs. Maximum bound of prediction benefit
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.overall_sensitivity            0                       # Effectiveness of predictor when true sharing occurs
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.overall_pvp              nan                       # Predictive value of positive test. Usefulness of a positive sharing prediction
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_prevalence     0.725868                       # Rate at which true sharing occurs during GETS. Maximum bound of prediction benefit
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_sensitivity            0                       # Effectiveness of predictor when true sharing occurs on GETS
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETS_pvp                 nan                       # Predictive value of positive test. Usefulness of a positive sharing prediction on GETS
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_prevalence     0.238370                       # Rate at which true sharing occurs during GETX. Maximum bound of prediction benefit
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_sensitivity            0                       # Effectiveness of predictor when true sharing occurs on GETX
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.GETX_pvp                 nan                       # Predictive value of positive test. Usefulness of a positive sharing prediction on GETX
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_prevalence            0                       # Rate at which true sharing occurs during PUTX. Maximum bound of prediction benefit
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_sensitivity          nan                       # Effectiveness of predictor when true sharing occurs on PUTX
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.sb.PUTX_pvp                 nan                       # Predictive value of positive test. Usefulness of a positive sharing prediction on PUTX
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          1688                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     4.509789                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0         4844                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2533                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1948                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13269                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3237                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7134                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12906                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         5174                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        38752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       182376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       140256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       955368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       233064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       103248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        41392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.427677                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1268                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          273                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          435                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1445                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        91296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.338616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.343517                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          879                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        63288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.340387                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1137                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          285                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1174                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1453                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.438694                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          291                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1323                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          273                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1445                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        95256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     1.045707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4202                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1439                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       302544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        27448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.339625                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          270                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1170                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.339975                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1137                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          302                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          831                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1453                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.468820                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1441                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          636                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1447                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       103752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         5088                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.338616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.338987                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          275                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          858                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.339399                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          278                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          855                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1170                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9360                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.338987                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.338616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61632                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     1.061378                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4279                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          277                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1172                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1444                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       308088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        28056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11552                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.337463                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1130                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          670                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          264                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1162                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1447                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9040                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        33048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        48240                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19008                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9296                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.346688                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          881                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1172                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1451                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        63432                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11608                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.338616                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61632                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.338987                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          284                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          849                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20448                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61128                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.339975                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1174                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1453                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61632                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9392                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11624                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.percent_links_utilized     0.351692                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          298                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          897                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21456                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        64584                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          552                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.percent_links_utilized     0.338616                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          777                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.percent_links_utilized     0.339007                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          270                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1170                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61632                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19440                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9360                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.percent_links_utilized     0.498040                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1137                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          301                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1598                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Response_Control::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1176                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1451                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9096                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21672                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       115056                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19728                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9408                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6168                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11608                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.percent_links_utilized     0.486282                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1525                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Response_Control::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1446                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       109800                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19584                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.percent_links_utilized     0.338616                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          858                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61776                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.percent_links_utilized     0.338987                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1168                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9344                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.percent_links_utilized     0.339399                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1170                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9360                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.percent_links_utilized     0.644656                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1133                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2292                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          275                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1166                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1441                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9064                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23112                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       165024                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19800                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9328                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        11904                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11528                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.percent_links_utilized     0.338328                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1133                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          277                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          854                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1166                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1448                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9064                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19944                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61488                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9328                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11584                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.percent_links_utilized     0.592208                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1992                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          278                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1172                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1226                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1442                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25704                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       143424                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        20016                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9376                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         9808                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11536                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.percent_links_utilized     8.694429                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Request_Control::0        40007                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Request_Control::1         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5608                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        11331                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Response_Control::2          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        11628                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        43380                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        25872                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        52872                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       320056                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       403776                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       815832                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       837216                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       347040                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       206976                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       422976                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.percent_links_utilized     0.635122                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Request_Control::1         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2803                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       201888                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        22424                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.percent_links_utilized     0.793774                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Request_Control::0        40007                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Request_Control::1         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5608                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        11331                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        25872                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Response_Control::2          301                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        11628                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        43380                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        25872                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          121                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        52872                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       320056                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       403776                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       815832                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1862784                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2408                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       837216                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       347040                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       206976                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          968                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       422976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       128433                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        16824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data        33993                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        77616                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control          903                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data        34884                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       130140                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        77616                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control          246                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       158616                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1027464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      1211328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data      2447496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      5588352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control         7224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data      2511648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      1041120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       620928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control         1968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      1268928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     2.476527                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2533                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1948                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          363                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12906                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       182376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       140256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       103248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     6.543051                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         4844                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12906                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3237                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         5174                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        38752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       929232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       233064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        41392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.462539                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          435                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59976                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.392815                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          435                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          273                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1445                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445983                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.241051                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.446354                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          285                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          844                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.234420                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1137                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1453                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.464887                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          291                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.412501                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          273                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1445                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        35136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.586092                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        27448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     1.505322                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1439                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       247032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445201                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.234050                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          270                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.446230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          302                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.233720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1137                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1453                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.470941                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          805                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          636                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         5088                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.466699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          636                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1447                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        45792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          275                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445448                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          278                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          849                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.233349                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          809                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232196                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.589675                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          772                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        28056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     1.533080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          277                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1444                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       252504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11552                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.443512                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          661                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          581                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        33048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.231414                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1130                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          264                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          581                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1447                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9040                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19008                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.447754                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          840                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60480                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.245622                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1451                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11608                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232196                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          284                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          842                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20448                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60624                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232896                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization     0.446272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization     0.233679                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1453                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11624                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.link_utilization     0.447548                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          298                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          828                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21456                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59616                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          552                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.link_utilization     0.255836                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55512                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232196                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232938                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          270                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19440                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.link_utilization     0.477777                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          301                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          827                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21672                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59544                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6168                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.link_utilization     0.518303                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1137                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1451                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9096                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55512                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19728                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11608                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.link_utilization     0.474400                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          805                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57960                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.link_utilization     0.498164                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1446                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        51840                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19584                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11568                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19728                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232196                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1450                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11600                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60696                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232896                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          269                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19368                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.link_utilization     0.445448                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          844                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60768                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.link_utilization     0.233349                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          271                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1449                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19512                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11592                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.link_utilization     0.505659                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          804                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23112                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57888                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        11904                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.link_utilization     0.783652                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1133                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          275                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1441                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9064                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       107136                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19800                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11528                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.link_utilization     0.444624                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          277                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19944                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61056                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232032                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1133                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1448                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9064                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11584                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.link_utilization     0.496599                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          766                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1226                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25704                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55152                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         9808                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.link_utilization     0.687817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1226                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          278                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1442                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        88272                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        20016                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        11536                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.link_utilization     9.952317                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        40007                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        11628                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21690                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        50069                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       320056                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       201888                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       837216                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       173520                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       400552                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.link_utilization     7.436541                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        11331                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21690                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        25872                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2803                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       201888                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       815832                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       173520                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       206976                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        22424                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.link_utilization     0.230920                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2803                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        22424                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.link_utilization     1.039323                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       201888                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.link_utilization     2.476527                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2533                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1948                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          363                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3567                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12906                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       182376                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       140256                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26136                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28536                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       103248                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.link_utilization     0.462539                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          435                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59976                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3480                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          282                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          844                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60768                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.link_utilization     0.445983                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.link_utilization     0.446354                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          285                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          844                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20520                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60768                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4696                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.link_utilization     0.464887                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          291                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20952                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         3904                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.link_utilization     0.586092                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3431                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55512                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        27448                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.link_utilization     0.445201                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60696                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle7.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.link_utilization     0.446230                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          302                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          826                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21744                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59472                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle8.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.link_utilization     0.470941                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          805                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          636                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57960                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         5088                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20160                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60912                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle10.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          275                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19800                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61272                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.link_utilization     0.445448                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          278                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          849                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20016                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61128                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle12.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          809                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22824                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58248                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle13.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle14.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.link_utilization     0.589675                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          772                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3507                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        28056                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle15.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.link_utilization     0.443512                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          661                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          581                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        33048                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47592                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4648                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle16.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.link_utilization     0.447754                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          840                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::2           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60480                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          328                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle17.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle18.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          284                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          842                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20448                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60624                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle19.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.link_utilization     0.446272                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          587                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4696                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle20.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.link_utilization     0.447548                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          298                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          828                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21456                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59616                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0          552                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle21.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55512                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle22.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          850                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19872                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61200                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle23.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.link_utilization     0.477777                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          301                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          827                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          771                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        21672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59544                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6168                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle24.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.link_utilization     0.474400                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_count.Response_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          805                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_count.Response_Control::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57960                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle25.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.link_utilization     0.445036                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19728                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61344                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle26.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.link_utilization     0.445077                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60696                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4672                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle27.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.link_utilization     0.445448                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          283                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          844                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          585                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        20376                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60768                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle28.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.link_utilization     0.505659                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          321                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          804                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23112                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57888                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        11904                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle29.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.link_utilization     0.444624                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          277                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_count.Response_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19944                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61056                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle30.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.link_utilization     0.496599                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          766                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_count.Response_Control::2           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1226                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        25704                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        55152                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         9808                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle31.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.link_utilization     9.952317                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_count.Request_Control::0        40007                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        11628                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21690                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        50069                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       320056                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       201888                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       837216                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       173520                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle32.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       400552                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle33.link_utilization     0.230920                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle33.msg_count.Request_Control::1         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle33.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2803                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle33.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.throttle33.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        22424                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           538366                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            5.046676                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.450944                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          11.984684                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      537999     99.93%     99.93% |         251      0.05%     99.98% |          55      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.00%     99.99% |          18      0.00%     99.99% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             538366                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples       506886                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      506886    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total         506886                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples        31480                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean      38.001938                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     32.900137                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     36.096008                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |       31113     98.83%     98.83% |         251      0.80%     99.63% |          55      0.17%     99.81% |          16      0.05%     99.86% |          18      0.06%     99.91% |          14      0.04%     99.96% |          12      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total         31480                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples            31289                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.791013                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           5.258205                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         115.818789                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |       31211     99.75%     99.75% |          28      0.09%     99.84% |           7      0.02%     99.86% |           8      0.03%     99.89% |           6      0.02%     99.91% |          12      0.04%     99.95% |          17      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total              31289                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples        24337                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       24337    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total          24337                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples         6952                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean      74.070915                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean     37.498998                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    237.592104                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |        6874     98.88%     98.88% |          28      0.40%     99.28% |           7      0.10%     99.38% |           8      0.12%     99.50% |           6      0.09%     99.58% |          12      0.17%     99.76% |          17      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total          6952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      2297222                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.072898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.005564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       9.303619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     2297179    100.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        2297222                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      2295751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2295751    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      2295751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples         1471                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   116.842284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    54.174889                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev   349.722192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |        1428     97.08%     97.08% |          14      0.95%     98.03% |           7      0.48%     98.50% |           5      0.34%     98.84% |           2      0.14%     98.98% |           5      0.34%     99.32% |          10      0.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total         1471                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples           14                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     19.142857                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     5.056892                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    41.034427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total           14                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples           12                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total           12                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean          116                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean   116.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          148                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean   169.635135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean    33.593374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev   292.396249                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         111     75.00%     75.00% |           7      4.73%     79.73% |           3      2.03%     81.76% |           6      4.05%     85.81% |           6      4.05%     89.86% |           4      2.70%     92.57% |           2      1.35%     93.92% |           3      2.03%     95.95% |           5      3.38%     99.32% |           1      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          148                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples           46                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          46    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total           46                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples          102                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   244.784314                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    99.860042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   325.705924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          65     63.73%     63.73% |           7      6.86%     70.59% |           3      2.94%     73.53% |           6      5.88%     79.41% |           6      5.88%     85.29% |           4      3.92%     89.22% |           2      1.96%     91.18% |           3      2.94%     94.12% |           5      4.90%     99.02% |           1      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total          102                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          148                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          148                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          148                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          148                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX            2207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS             597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock          596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock         2207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data         2804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX          2175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS           597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX            32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock          596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data          597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock         2207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data         2207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       21026      3.91%      3.91% |       16687      3.10%      7.01% |       16677      3.10%     10.10% |       16691      3.10%     13.20% |       16669      3.10%     16.30% |       16714      3.10%     19.40% |       16716      3.10%     22.51% |       16685      3.10%     25.61% |       16702      3.10%     28.71% |       16723      3.11%     31.82% |       16673      3.10%     34.91% |       16695      3.10%     38.01% |       16699      3.10%     41.12% |       16679      3.10%     44.21% |       16693      3.10%     47.32% |       16718      3.11%     50.42% |       16745      3.11%     53.53% |       16660      3.09%     56.63% |       16697      3.10%     59.73% |       16667      3.10%     62.82% |       16675      3.10%     65.92% |       16683      3.10%     69.02% |       16671      3.10%     72.12% |       16700      3.10%     75.22% |       16711      3.10%     78.32% |       16721      3.11%     81.43% |       16703      3.10%     84.53% |       16665      3.10%     87.63% |       16681      3.10%     90.72% |       16710      3.10%     93.83% |       16627      3.09%     96.92% |       16603      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       538366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      163475      7.12%      7.12% |       68821      3.00%     10.11% |       68751      2.99%     13.10% |       68849      3.00%     16.10% |       68695      2.99%     19.09% |       69010      3.00%     22.10% |       69024      3.00%     25.10% |       68807      3.00%     28.10% |       68926      3.00%     31.10% |       69073      3.01%     34.10% |       68723      2.99%     37.09% |       68877      3.00%     40.09% |       68905      3.00%     43.09% |       68765      2.99%     46.09% |       68863      3.00%     49.08% |       69038      3.01%     52.09% |       69227      3.01%     55.10% |       68634      2.99%     58.09% |       68891      3.00%     61.09% |       68681      2.99%     64.08% |       68737      2.99%     67.07% |       68793      2.99%     70.07% |       68709      2.99%     73.06% |       68912      3.00%     76.06% |       68989      3.00%     79.06% |       69059      3.01%     82.07% |       68933      3.00%     85.07% |       68667      2.99%     88.06% |       68779      2.99%     91.05% |       68975      3.00%     94.05% |       68394      2.98%     97.03% |       68242      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      2297224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       25798     81.64%     81.64% |         187      0.59%     82.23% |         187      0.59%     82.83% |         187      0.59%     83.42% |         187      0.59%     84.01% |         187      0.59%     84.60% |         187      0.59%     85.19% |         187      0.59%     85.78% |         187      0.59%     86.38% |         187      0.59%     86.97% |         187      0.59%     87.56% |         187      0.59%     88.15% |         187      0.59%     88.74% |         187      0.59%     89.34% |         187      0.59%     89.93% |         187      0.59%     90.52% |         187      0.59%     91.11% |         189      0.60%     91.71% |         187      0.59%     92.30% |         187      0.59%     92.89% |         187      0.59%     93.48% |         187      0.59%     94.08% |         187      0.59%     94.67% |         187      0.59%     95.26% |         187      0.59%     95.85% |         187      0.59%     96.44% |         187      0.59%     97.03% |         187      0.59%     97.63% |         187      0.59%     98.22% |         187      0.59%     98.81% |         187      0.59%     99.40% |         189      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total        31599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        3678     16.78%     16.78% |         588      2.68%     19.47% |         588      2.68%     22.15% |         588      2.68%     24.83% |         591      2.70%     27.53% |         588      2.68%     30.21% |         588      2.68%     32.89% |         588      2.68%     35.58% |         591      2.70%     38.27% |         588      2.68%     40.96% |         588      2.68%     43.64% |         588      2.68%     46.32% |         589      2.69%     49.01% |         588      2.68%     51.69% |         588      2.68%     54.38% |         589      2.69%     57.06% |         584      2.66%     59.73% |         590      2.69%     62.42% |         588      2.68%     65.10% |         588      2.68%     67.79% |         591      2.70%     70.48% |         588      2.68%     73.17% |         588      2.68%     75.85% |         588      2.68%     78.53% |         591      2.70%     81.23% |         588      2.68%     83.91% |         588      2.68%     86.59% |         588      2.68%     89.28% |         589      2.69%     91.96% |         587      2.68%     94.64% |         587      2.68%     97.32% |         587      2.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total        21916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           4      1.07%      1.07% |           9      2.40%      3.47% |          14      3.73%      7.20% |          14      3.73%     10.93% |          14      3.73%     14.67% |          13      3.47%     18.13% |          14      3.73%     21.87% |          13      3.47%     25.33% |          13      3.47%     28.80% |          12      3.20%     32.00% |          14      3.73%     35.73% |          13      3.47%     39.20% |          11      2.93%     42.13% |          13      3.47%     45.60% |          12      3.20%     48.80% |          10      2.67%     51.47% |           9      2.40%     53.87% |           9      2.40%     56.27% |          13      3.47%     59.73% |          14      3.73%     63.47% |          13      3.47%     66.93% |          11      2.93%     69.87% |          14      3.73%     73.60% |          12      3.20%     76.80% |           8      2.13%     78.93% |          10      2.67%     81.60% |          12      3.20%     84.80% |          13      3.47%     88.27% |          13      3.47%     91.73% |          12      3.20%     94.93% |          13      3.47%     98.40% |           6      1.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       12906     49.66%     49.66% |         429      1.65%     51.31% |           0      0.00%     51.31% |          23      0.09%     51.39% |           2      0.01%     51.40% |         491      1.89%     53.29% |        3493     13.44%     66.73% |           4      0.02%     66.75% |           0      0.00%     66.75% |         657      2.53%     69.27% |           0      0.00%     69.27% |           1      0.00%     69.28% |           0      0.00%     69.28% |           1      0.00%     69.28% |           0      0.00%     69.28% |        3575     13.75%     83.04% |           4      0.02%     83.05% |          44      0.17%     83.22% |           0      0.00%     83.22% |           1      0.00%     83.22% |           0      0.00%     83.22% |          69      0.27%     83.49% |           0      0.00%     83.49% |           1      0.00%     83.49% |         786      3.02%     86.52% |         736      2.83%     89.35% |           0      0.00%     89.35% |           1      0.00%     89.35% |           0      0.00%     89.35% |        1517      5.84%     95.19% |           0      0.00%     95.19% |        1250      4.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        25991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           1      0.83%      0.83% |           3      2.48%      3.31% |           4      3.31%      6.61% |           4      3.31%      9.92% |           4      3.31%     13.22% |           4      3.31%     16.53% |           4      3.31%     19.83% |           4      3.31%     23.14% |           4      3.31%     26.45% |           4      3.31%     29.75% |           4      3.31%     33.06% |           4      3.31%     36.36% |           4      3.31%     39.67% |           4      3.31%     42.98% |           4      3.31%     46.28% |           4      3.31%     49.59% |           4      3.31%     52.89% |           3      2.48%     55.37% |           4      3.31%     58.68% |           4      3.31%     61.98% |           4      3.31%     65.29% |           3      2.48%     67.77% |           4      3.31%     71.07% |           4      3.31%     74.38% |           4      3.31%     77.69% |           4      3.31%     80.99% |           4      3.31%     84.30% |           4      3.31%     87.60% |           4      3.31%     90.91% |           4      3.31%     94.21% |           4      3.31%     97.52% |           3      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |          63     20.93%     20.93% |           3      1.00%     21.93% |           6      1.99%     23.92% |           6      1.99%     25.91% |           6      1.99%     27.91% |           6      1.99%     29.90% |           6      1.99%     31.89% |           6      1.99%     33.89% |           5      1.66%     35.55% |           5      1.66%     37.21% |           6      1.99%     39.20% |           6      1.99%     41.20% |           6      1.99%     43.19% |           6      1.99%     45.18% |           6      1.99%     47.18% |           6      1.99%     49.17% |           5      1.66%     50.83% |          36     11.96%     62.79% |           6      1.99%     64.78% |           6      1.99%     66.78% |           6      1.99%     68.77% |           5      1.66%     70.43% |           6      1.99%     72.43% |           6      1.99%     74.42% |           5      1.66%     76.08% |           5      1.66%     77.74% |           6      1.99%     79.73% |           6      1.99%     81.73% |           6      1.99%     83.72% |           6      1.99%     85.71% |           6      1.99%     87.71% |          37     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1192      4.38%      4.38% |         843      3.10%      7.48% |         849      3.12%     10.60% |         848      3.12%     13.71% |         849      3.12%     16.83% |         837      3.08%     19.91% |         773      2.84%     22.75% |         848      3.12%     25.87% |         849      3.12%     28.99% |         834      3.06%     32.05% |         849      3.12%     35.17% |         848      3.12%     38.29% |         847      3.11%     41.40% |         848      3.12%     44.52% |         849      3.12%     47.64% |         774      2.84%     50.48% |         849      3.12%     53.60% |         844      3.10%     56.70% |         849      3.12%     59.82% |         848      3.12%     62.94% |         849      3.12%     66.06% |         846      3.11%     69.17% |         849      3.12%     72.29% |         848      3.12%     75.40% |         832      3.06%     78.46% |         835      3.07%     81.53% |         849      3.12%     84.65% |         848      3.12%     87.77% |         847      3.11%     90.88% |         815      3.00%     93.87% |         848      3.12%     96.99% |         819      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        27212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        3652     28.54%     28.54% |         291      2.27%     30.82% |         285      2.23%     33.04% |         286      2.24%     35.28% |         288      2.25%     37.53% |         297      2.32%     39.85% |         361      2.82%     42.67% |         286      2.24%     44.91% |         288      2.25%     47.16% |         300      2.34%     49.50% |         285      2.23%     51.73% |         286      2.24%     53.97% |         288      2.25%     56.22% |         286      2.24%     58.45% |         285      2.23%     60.68% |         361      2.82%     63.50% |         281      2.20%     65.70% |         290      2.27%     67.96% |         285      2.23%     70.19% |         286      2.24%     72.43% |         288      2.25%     74.68% |         288      2.25%     76.93% |         285      2.23%     79.16% |         286      2.24%     81.39% |         305      2.38%     83.77% |         299      2.34%     86.11% |         285      2.23%     88.34% |         286      2.24%     90.57% |         288      2.25%     92.83% |         318      2.49%     95.31% |         285      2.23%     97.54% |         315      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        12795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         330      3.28%      3.28% |         311      3.09%      6.37% |         316      3.14%      9.51% |         315      3.13%     12.64% |         316      3.14%     15.78% |         311      3.09%     18.87% |         305      3.03%     21.90% |         315      3.13%     25.03% |         316      3.14%     28.18% |         313      3.11%     31.29% |         316      3.14%     34.43% |         315      3.13%     37.56% |         314      3.12%     40.68% |         315      3.13%     43.81% |         316      3.14%     46.95% |         309      3.07%     50.02% |         317      3.15%     53.17% |         317      3.15%     56.32% |         316      3.14%     59.46% |         315      3.13%     62.59% |         316      3.14%     65.73% |         315      3.13%     68.86% |         316      3.14%     72.00% |         315      3.13%     75.13% |         314      3.12%     78.25% |         312      3.10%     81.36% |         316      3.14%     84.50% |         315      3.13%     87.63% |         314      3.12%     90.75% |         308      3.06%     93.81% |         315      3.13%     96.94% |         308      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total        10062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        3237     27.84%     27.84% |         273      2.35%     30.19% |         268      2.30%     32.49% |         269      2.31%     34.80% |         271      2.33%     37.13% |         273      2.35%     39.48% |         279      2.40%     41.88% |         270      2.32%     44.20% |         272      2.34%     46.54% |         271      2.33%     48.87% |         268      2.30%     51.18% |         269      2.31%     53.49% |         271      2.33%     55.82% |         269      2.31%     58.14% |         268      2.30%     60.44% |         277      2.38%     62.82% |         264      2.27%     65.09% |         269      2.31%     67.41% |         268      2.30%     69.71% |         269      2.31%     72.02% |         271      2.33%     74.36% |         269      2.31%     76.67% |         268      2.30%     78.97% |         270      2.32%     81.30% |         274      2.36%     83.65% |         272      2.34%     85.99% |         268      2.30%     88.30% |         269      2.31%     90.61% |         271      2.33%     92.94% |         275      2.36%     95.30% |         268      2.30%     97.61% |         278      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        11628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        3148     44.61%     44.61% |         126      1.79%     46.40% |         126      1.79%     48.19% |         126      1.79%     49.97% |         126      1.79%     51.76% |         126      1.79%     53.54% |         126      1.79%     55.33% |         126      1.79%     57.11% |         126      1.79%     58.90% |         126      1.79%     60.69% |         126      1.79%     62.47% |         126      1.79%     64.26% |         126      1.79%     66.04% |         126      1.79%     67.83% |         126      1.79%     69.61% |         126      1.79%     71.40% |         126      1.79%     73.19% |         127      1.80%     74.99% |         126      1.79%     76.77% |         126      1.79%     78.56% |         126      1.79%     80.34% |         126      1.79%     82.13% |         126      1.79%     83.91% |         126      1.79%     85.70% |         126      1.79%     87.49% |         126      1.79%     89.27% |         126      1.79%     91.06% |         126      1.79%     92.84% |         126      1.79%     94.63% |         126      1.79%     96.41% |         126      1.79%     98.20% |         127      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total         7056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        3652     28.54%     28.54% |         291      2.27%     30.82% |         285      2.23%     33.04% |         286      2.24%     35.28% |         288      2.25%     37.53% |         297      2.32%     39.85% |         361      2.82%     42.67% |         286      2.24%     44.91% |         288      2.25%     47.16% |         300      2.34%     49.50% |         285      2.23%     51.73% |         286      2.24%     53.97% |         288      2.25%     56.22% |         286      2.24%     58.45% |         285      2.23%     60.68% |         361      2.82%     63.50% |         281      2.20%     65.70% |         290      2.27%     67.96% |         285      2.23%     70.19% |         286      2.24%     72.43% |         288      2.25%     74.68% |         288      2.25%     76.93% |         285      2.23%     79.16% |         286      2.24%     81.39% |         305      2.38%     83.77% |         299      2.34%     86.11% |         285      2.23%     88.34% |         286      2.24%     90.57% |         288      2.25%     92.83% |         318      2.49%     95.31% |         285      2.23%     97.54% |         315      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total        12795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1185      3.76%      3.76% |         977      3.10%      6.87% |         977      3.10%      9.97% |         977      3.10%     13.07% |         980      3.11%     16.19% |         977      3.10%     19.29% |         977      3.10%     22.40% |         977      3.10%     25.50% |         980      3.11%     28.61% |         977      3.10%     31.72% |         977      3.10%     34.82% |         977      3.10%     37.92% |         978      3.11%     41.03% |         977      3.10%     44.13% |         977      3.10%     47.24% |         978      3.11%     50.34% |         973      3.09%     53.43% |         978      3.11%     56.54% |         977      3.10%     59.64% |         977      3.10%     62.75% |         980      3.11%     65.86% |         977      3.10%     68.96% |         977      3.10%     72.07% |         977      3.10%     75.17% |         980      3.11%     78.28% |         977      3.10%     81.39% |         977      3.10%     84.49% |         977      3.10%     87.60% |         978      3.11%     90.70% |         976      3.10%     93.80% |         976      3.10%     96.90% |         975      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        31480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         511     34.74%     34.74% |          31      2.11%     36.85% |          31      2.11%     38.95% |          31      2.11%     41.06% |          31      2.11%     43.17% |          31      2.11%     45.28% |          31      2.11%     47.38% |          31      2.11%     49.49% |          31      2.11%     51.60% |          31      2.11%     53.70% |          31      2.11%     55.81% |          31      2.11%     57.92% |          31      2.11%     60.03% |          31      2.11%     62.13% |          31      2.11%     64.24% |          31      2.11%     66.35% |          31      2.11%     68.46% |          29      1.97%     70.43% |          31      2.11%     72.54% |          31      2.11%     74.64% |          31      2.11%     76.75% |          31      2.11%     78.86% |          31      2.11%     80.97% |          31      2.11%     83.07% |          31      2.11%     85.18% |          31      2.11%     87.29% |          31      2.11%     89.39% |          31      2.11%     91.50% |          31      2.11%     93.61% |          31      2.11%     95.72% |          31      2.11%     97.82% |          32      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3115     44.37%     44.37% |         126      1.79%     46.16% |         126      1.79%     47.96% |         126      1.79%     49.75% |         126      1.79%     51.55% |         126      1.79%     53.34% |         126      1.79%     55.13% |         126      1.79%     56.93% |         126      1.79%     58.72% |         126      1.79%     60.52% |         126      1.79%     62.31% |         126      1.79%     64.11% |         126      1.79%     65.90% |         126      1.79%     67.70% |         126      1.79%     69.49% |         126      1.79%     71.29% |         126      1.79%     73.08% |         126      1.79%     74.88% |         126      1.79%     76.67% |         126      1.79%     78.46% |         126      1.79%     80.26% |         126      1.79%     82.05% |         126      1.79%     83.85% |         126      1.79%     85.64% |         126      1.79%     87.44% |         126      1.79%     89.23% |         126      1.79%     91.03% |         126      1.79%     92.82% |         126      1.79%     94.62% |         126      1.79%     96.41% |         126      1.79%     98.21% |         126      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         7021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         111     49.12%     49.12% |           4      1.77%     50.88% |           4      1.77%     52.65% |           4      1.77%     54.42% |           4      1.77%     56.19% |           4      1.77%     57.96% |           4      1.77%     59.73% |           3      1.33%     61.06% |           3      1.33%     62.39% |           4      1.77%     64.16% |           4      1.77%     65.93% |           4      1.77%     67.70% |           4      1.77%     69.47% |           4      1.77%     71.24% |           4      1.77%     73.01% |           3      1.33%     74.34% |           3      1.33%     75.66% |           4      1.77%     77.43% |           4      1.77%     79.20% |           4      1.77%     80.97% |           4      1.77%     82.74% |           4      1.77%     84.51% |           4      1.77%     86.28% |           3      1.33%     87.61% |           3      1.33%     88.94% |           4      1.77%     90.71% |           4      1.77%     92.48% |           4      1.77%     94.25% |           4      1.77%     96.02% |           4      1.77%     97.79% |           4      1.77%     99.56% |           1      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        4360      1.84%      1.84% |        7529      3.17%      5.01% |        7628      3.21%      8.22% |        7639      3.22%     11.44% |        7620      3.21%     14.65% |        7535      3.17%     17.83% |        6634      2.79%     20.62% |        7633      3.22%     23.84% |        7653      3.22%     27.06% |        7484      3.15%     30.21% |        7624      3.21%     33.43% |        7643      3.22%     36.65% |        7652      3.22%     39.87% |        7627      3.21%     43.08% |        7644      3.22%     46.30% |        6625      2.79%     49.09% |        7696      3.24%     52.34% |        7578      3.19%     55.53% |        7648      3.22%     58.75% |        7615      3.21%     61.96% |        7626      3.21%     65.17% |        7556      3.18%     68.36% |        7622      3.21%     71.57% |        7648      3.22%     74.79% |        7430      3.13%     77.92% |        7512      3.16%     81.08% |        7654      3.22%     84.31% |        7613      3.21%     87.52% |        7634      3.22%     90.73% |        7224      3.04%     93.78% |        7579      3.19%     96.97% |        7194      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       237359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      162962      7.10%      7.10% |       68790      3.00%     10.09% |       68720      2.99%     13.09% |       68818      3.00%     16.09% |       68664      2.99%     19.08% |       68979      3.00%     22.08% |       68993      3.01%     25.09% |       68776      3.00%     28.08% |       68895      3.00%     31.08% |       69042      3.01%     34.09% |       68692      2.99%     37.08% |       68846      3.00%     40.08% |       68874      3.00%     43.08% |       68734      2.99%     46.08% |       68832      3.00%     49.07% |       69007      3.01%     52.08% |       69196      3.01%     55.09% |       68605      2.99%     58.08% |       68860      3.00%     61.08% |       68650      2.99%     64.07% |       68706      2.99%     67.06% |       68762      3.00%     70.06% |       68678      2.99%     73.05% |       68881      3.00%     76.05% |       68958      3.00%     79.06% |       69028      3.01%     82.06% |       68902      3.00%     85.06% |       68636      2.99%     88.05% |       68748      2.99%     91.05% |       68944      3.00%     94.05% |       68363      2.98%     97.03% |       68210      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      2295751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          33     94.29%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           1      2.86%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |         505      4.93%      4.93% |         311      3.04%      7.97% |         316      3.09%     11.06% |         315      3.08%     14.14% |         316      3.09%     17.22% |         311      3.04%     20.26% |         305      2.98%     23.24% |         315      3.08%     26.32% |         316      3.09%     29.40% |         313      3.06%     32.46% |         316      3.09%     35.55% |         315      3.08%     38.62% |         314      3.07%     41.69% |         315      3.08%     44.77% |         316      3.09%     47.86% |         309      3.02%     50.87% |         317      3.10%     53.97% |         317      3.10%     57.07% |         316      3.09%     60.15% |         315      3.08%     63.23% |         316      3.09%     66.32% |         315      3.08%     69.40% |         316      3.09%     72.48% |         315      3.08%     75.56% |         314      3.07%     78.63% |         312      3.05%     81.67% |         316      3.09%     84.76% |         315      3.08%     87.84% |         314      3.07%     90.91% |         308      3.01%     93.91% |         315      3.08%     96.99% |         308      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        10237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         528     61.54%     61.54% |         275     32.05%     93.59% |           0      0.00%     93.59% |          22      2.56%     96.15% |           2      0.23%     96.39% |          13      1.52%     97.90% |           1      0.12%     98.02% |           3      0.35%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           4      0.47%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |           1      0.12%     98.95% |           4      0.47%     99.42% |           3      0.35%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           2      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total          858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           1      0.83%      0.83% |           3      2.48%      3.31% |           4      3.31%      6.61% |           4      3.31%      9.92% |           4      3.31%     13.22% |           4      3.31%     16.53% |           4      3.31%     19.83% |           4      3.31%     23.14% |           4      3.31%     26.45% |           4      3.31%     29.75% |           4      3.31%     33.06% |           4      3.31%     36.36% |           4      3.31%     39.67% |           4      3.31%     42.98% |           4      3.31%     46.28% |           4      3.31%     49.59% |           4      3.31%     52.89% |           3      2.48%     55.37% |           4      3.31%     58.68% |           4      3.31%     61.98% |           4      3.31%     65.29% |           3      2.48%     67.77% |           4      3.31%     71.07% |           4      3.31%     74.38% |           4      3.31%     77.69% |           4      3.31%     80.99% |           4      3.31%     84.30% |           4      3.31%     87.60% |           4      3.31%     90.91% |           4      3.31%     94.21% |           4      3.31%     97.52% |           3      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        3614     48.96%     48.96% |          95      1.29%     50.24% |           0      0.00%     50.24% |           0      0.00%     50.24% |           0      0.00%     50.24% |         127      1.72%     51.96% |        1033     13.99%     65.96% |           0      0.00%     65.96% |           0      0.00%     65.96% |         187      2.53%     68.49% |           0      0.00%     68.49% |           0      0.00%     68.49% |           0      0.00%     68.49% |           0      0.00%     68.49% |           0      0.00%     68.49% |        1041     14.10%     82.59% |           0      0.00%     82.59% |          28      0.38%     82.97% |           0      0.00%     82.97% |           0      0.00%     82.97% |           0      0.00%     82.97% |          74      1.00%     83.97% |           0      0.00%     83.97% |           0      0.00%     83.97% |         232      3.14%     87.12% |         157      2.13%     89.24% |           0      0.00%     89.24% |           0      0.00%     89.24% |           0      0.00%     89.24% |         434      5.88%     95.12% |           0      0.00%     95.12% |         360      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         7382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          55     49.11%     49.11% |           5      4.46%     53.57% |           0      0.00%     53.57% |           1      0.89%     54.46% |           0      0.00%     54.46% |           5      4.46%     58.93% |          11      9.82%     68.75% |           1      0.89%     69.64% |           0      0.00%     69.64% |           3      2.68%     72.32% |           0      0.00%     72.32% |           1      0.89%     73.21% |           0      0.00%     73.21% |           1      0.89%     74.11% |           0      0.00%     74.11% |           7      6.25%     80.36% |           0      0.00%     80.36% |           1      0.89%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      0.89%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           1      0.89%     83.04% |           0      0.00%     83.04% |           1      0.89%     83.93% |           2      1.79%     85.71% |           4      3.57%     89.29% |           0      0.00%     89.29% |           1      0.89%     90.18% |           0      0.00%     90.18% |           7      6.25%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           4      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |       11763     49.15%     49.15% |         148      0.62%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |           0      0.00%     49.77% |         457      1.91%     51.68% |        3348     13.99%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |         611      2.55%     68.23% |           0      0.00%     68.23% |           0      0.00%     68.23% |           0      0.00%     68.23% |           0      0.00%     68.23% |           0      0.00%     68.23% |        3426     14.32%     82.54% |           0      0.00%     82.54% |          29      0.12%     82.66% |           0      0.00%     82.66% |           0      0.00%     82.66% |           0      0.00%     82.66% |          59      0.25%     82.91% |           0      0.00%     82.91% |           0      0.00%     82.91% |         749      3.13%     86.04% |         699      2.92%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |        1449      6.05%     95.01% |           0      0.00%     95.01% |        1193      4.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        23931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |        8212      3.24%      3.24% |        7933      3.13%      6.37% |        7909      3.12%      9.49% |        7909      3.12%     12.61% |        7903      3.12%     15.73% |        7924      3.13%     18.85% |        7909      3.12%     21.97% |        7909      3.12%     25.09% |        7903      3.12%     28.21% |        7924      3.13%     31.33% |        7909      3.12%     34.45% |        7909      3.12%     37.57% |        7903      3.12%     40.69% |        7930      3.13%     43.82% |        7909      3.12%     46.94% |        7907      3.12%     50.06% |        7924      3.13%     53.18% |        7924      3.13%     56.31% |        7909      3.12%     59.43% |        7909      3.12%     62.55% |        7903      3.12%     65.67% |        7924      3.13%     68.79% |        7909      3.12%     71.91% |        7909      3.12%     75.03% |        7903      3.12%     78.15% |        7924      3.13%     81.28% |        7909      3.12%     84.40% |        7909      3.12%     87.52% |        7903      3.12%     90.63% |        7930      3.13%     93.76% |        7909      3.12%     96.88% |        7907      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total       253507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |          31     27.43%     27.43% |           3      2.65%     30.09% |           3      2.65%     32.74% |           3      2.65%     35.40% |           3      2.65%     38.05% |           3      2.65%     40.71% |           2      1.77%     42.48% |           2      1.77%     44.25% |           3      2.65%     46.90% |           3      2.65%     49.56% |           2      1.77%     51.33% |           2      1.77%     53.10% |           3      2.65%     55.75% |           3      2.65%     58.41% |           3      2.65%     61.06% |           2      1.77%     62.83% |           3      2.65%     65.49% |           3      2.65%     68.14% |           2      1.77%     69.91% |           3      2.65%     72.57% |           3      2.65%     75.22% |           3      2.65%     77.88% |           3      2.65%     80.53% |           3      2.65%     83.19% |           2      1.77%     84.96% |           2      1.77%     86.73% |           2      1.77%     88.50% |           3      2.65%     91.15% |           2      1.77%     92.92% |           3      2.65%     95.58% |           2      1.77%     97.35% |           3      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total          113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         187      3.93%      3.93% |         147      3.09%      7.02% |         147      3.09%     10.11% |         147      3.09%     13.19% |         150      3.15%     16.34% |         147      3.09%     19.43% |         147      3.09%     22.52% |         147      3.09%     25.61% |         150      3.15%     28.76% |         147      3.09%     31.85% |         147      3.09%     34.94% |         147      3.09%     38.03% |         150      3.15%     41.18% |         147      3.09%     44.26% |         147      3.09%     47.35% |         148      3.11%     50.46% |         142      2.98%     53.45% |         147      3.09%     56.53% |         147      3.09%     59.62% |         147      3.09%     62.71% |         150      3.15%     65.86% |         147      3.09%     68.95% |         147      3.09%     72.04% |         147      3.09%     75.13% |         150      3.15%     78.28% |         147      3.09%     81.37% |         147      3.09%     84.45% |         147      3.09%     87.54% |         150      3.15%     90.69% |         147      3.09%     93.78% |         147      3.09%     96.87% |         149      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         4760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         256     47.06%     47.06% |           6      1.10%     48.16% |           0      0.00%     48.16% |           1      0.18%     48.35% |           0      0.00%     48.35% |          12      2.21%     50.55% |          76     13.97%     64.52% |           1      0.18%     64.71% |           0      0.00%     64.71% |          15      2.76%     67.46% |           0      0.00%     67.46% |           1      0.18%     67.65% |           0      0.00%     67.65% |           1      0.18%     67.83% |           0      0.00%     67.83% |          75     13.79%     81.62% |           0      0.00%     81.62% |           3      0.55%     82.17% |           0      0.00%     82.17% |           1      0.18%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           3      0.55%     82.90% |           0      0.00%     82.90% |           1      0.18%     83.09% |          17      3.12%     86.21% |          14      2.57%     88.79% |           0      0.00%     88.79% |           1      0.18%     88.97% |           0      0.00%     88.97% |          33      6.07%     95.04% |           0      0.00%     95.04% |          27      4.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total          544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |         162      3.58%      3.58% |         133      2.94%      6.52% |         143      3.16%      9.68% |         146      3.23%     12.91% |         146      3.23%     16.13% |         131      2.90%     19.03% |         143      3.16%     22.19% |         146      3.23%     25.41% |         146      3.23%     28.64% |         131      2.90%     31.54% |         143      3.16%     34.70% |         146      3.23%     37.92% |         146      3.23%     41.15% |         125      2.76%     43.91% |         143      3.16%     47.07% |         147      3.25%     50.32% |         132      2.92%     53.24% |         132      2.92%     56.15% |         143      3.16%     59.31% |         146      3.23%     62.54% |         146      3.23%     65.77% |         132      2.92%     68.69% |         143      3.16%     71.85% |         146      3.23%     75.07% |         146      3.23%     78.30% |         131      2.90%     81.19% |         143      3.16%     84.35% |         146      3.23%     87.58% |         146      3.23%     90.81% |         126      2.78%     93.59% |         143      3.16%     96.75% |         147      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         4525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          10     19.23%     19.23% |           1      1.92%     21.15% |           1      1.92%     23.08% |           1      1.92%     25.00% |           1      1.92%     26.92% |           1      1.92%     28.85% |           2      3.85%     32.69% |           2      3.85%     36.54% |           1      1.92%     38.46% |           1      1.92%     40.38% |           2      3.85%     44.23% |           2      3.85%     48.08% |           1      1.92%     50.00% |           1      1.92%     51.92% |           1      1.92%     53.85% |           2      3.85%     57.69% |           1      1.92%     59.62% |           1      1.92%     61.54% |           2      3.85%     65.38% |           1      1.92%     67.31% |           1      1.92%     69.23% |           1      1.92%     71.15% |           1      1.92%     73.08% |           1      1.92%     75.00% |           2      3.85%     78.85% |           2      3.85%     82.69% |           2      3.85%     86.54% |           1      1.92%     88.46% |           2      3.85%     92.31% |           1      1.92%     94.23% |           2      3.85%     98.08% |           1      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9      3.14%      3.14% |          68     23.69%     26.83% |           0      0.00%     26.83% |           0      0.00%     26.83% |          27      9.41%     36.24% |           0      0.00%     36.24% |           0      0.00%     36.24% |           0      0.00%     36.24% |           0      0.00%     36.24% |           0      0.00%     36.24% |          73     25.44%     61.67% |           0      0.00%     61.67% |           4      1.39%     63.07% |           0      0.00%     63.07% |           0      0.00%     63.07% |           0      0.00%     63.07% |           7      2.44%     65.51% |           0      0.00%     65.51% |           0      0.00%     65.51% |          20      6.97%     72.47% |          22      7.67%     80.14% |           0      0.00%     80.14% |           0      0.00%     80.14% |           0      0.00%     80.14% |          35     12.20%     92.33% |           0      0.00%     92.33% |          22      7.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |         494      8.69%      8.69% |         164      2.88%     11.57% |         158      2.78%     14.35% |         159      2.80%     17.14% |         161      2.83%     19.98% |         170      2.99%     22.96% |         233      4.10%     27.06% |         158      2.78%     29.84% |         161      2.83%     32.67% |         173      3.04%     35.71% |         157      2.76%     38.47% |         158      2.78%     41.25% |         161      2.83%     44.08% |         159      2.80%     46.88% |         158      2.78%     49.66% |         233      4.10%     53.75% |         154      2.71%     56.46% |         162      2.85%     59.31% |         157      2.76%     62.07% |         159      2.80%     64.87% |         161      2.83%     67.70% |         161      2.83%     70.53% |         158      2.78%     73.31% |         159      2.80%     76.10% |         177      3.11%     79.22% |         171      3.01%     82.22% |         157      2.76%     84.98% |         159      2.80%     87.78% |         160      2.81%     90.59% |         191      3.36%     93.95% |         157      2.76%     96.71% |         187      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total         5687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |        3484     84.89%     84.89% |          20      0.49%     85.38% |          20      0.49%     85.87% |          20      0.49%     86.35% |          20      0.49%     86.84% |          20      0.49%     87.33% |          20      0.49%     87.82% |          20      0.49%     88.30% |          20      0.49%     88.79% |          20      0.49%     89.28% |          20      0.49%     89.77% |          20      0.49%     90.25% |          20      0.49%     90.74% |          20      0.49%     91.23% |          20      0.49%     91.72% |          20      0.49%     92.20% |          20      0.49%     92.69% |          20      0.49%     93.18% |          20      0.49%     93.66% |          20      0.49%     94.15% |          20      0.49%     94.64% |          20      0.49%     95.13% |          20      0.49%     95.61% |          20      0.49%     96.10% |          20      0.49%     96.59% |          20      0.49%     97.08% |          20      0.49%     97.56% |          20      0.49%     98.05% |          20      0.49%     98.54% |          20      0.49%     99.03% |          20      0.49%     99.51% |          20      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total         4104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |        8435     85.79%     85.79% |          45      0.46%     86.25% |          45      0.46%     86.71% |          45      0.46%     87.16% |          45      0.46%     87.62% |          45      0.46%     88.08% |          45      0.46%     88.54% |          45      0.46%     89.00% |          45      0.46%     89.45% |          45      0.46%     89.91% |          45      0.46%     90.37% |          45      0.46%     90.83% |          45      0.46%     91.28% |          45      0.46%     91.74% |          45      0.46%     92.20% |          45      0.46%     92.66% |          45      0.46%     93.11% |          46      0.47%     93.58% |          45      0.46%     94.04% |          45      0.46%     94.50% |          45      0.46%     94.96% |          45      0.46%     95.41% |          45      0.46%     95.87% |          45      0.46%     96.33% |          45      0.46%     96.79% |          45      0.46%     97.24% |          45      0.46%     97.70% |          45      0.46%     98.16% |          45      0.46%     98.62% |          45      0.46%     99.07% |          45      0.46%     99.53% |          46      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total         9832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        2820     42.85%     42.85% |         121      1.84%     44.69% |         121      1.84%     46.53% |         121      1.84%     48.37% |         121      1.84%     50.21% |         121      1.84%     52.04% |         121      1.84%     53.88% |         122      1.85%     55.74% |         122      1.85%     57.59% |         121      1.84%     59.43% |         121      1.84%     61.27% |         121      1.84%     63.11% |         121      1.84%     64.94% |         121      1.84%     66.78% |         121      1.84%     68.62% |         122      1.85%     70.48% |         122      1.85%     72.33% |         121      1.84%     74.17% |         121      1.84%     76.01% |         121      1.84%     77.85% |         121      1.84%     79.68% |         121      1.84%     81.52% |         121      1.84%     83.36% |         122      1.85%     85.22% |         122      1.85%     87.07% |         121      1.84%     88.91% |         121      1.84%     90.75% |         121      1.84%     92.58% |         121      1.84%     94.42% |         121      1.84%     96.26% |         121      1.84%     98.10% |         125      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total         6581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           3      1.69%      1.69% |           5      2.82%      4.52% |           6      3.39%      7.91% |           6      3.39%     11.30% |           6      3.39%     14.69% |           6      3.39%     18.08% |           6      3.39%     21.47% |           5      2.82%     24.29% |           5      2.82%     27.12% |           6      3.39%     30.51% |           6      3.39%     33.90% |           6      3.39%     37.29% |           6      3.39%     40.68% |           6      3.39%     44.07% |           6      3.39%     47.46% |           5      2.82%     50.28% |           5      2.82%     53.11% |           5      2.82%     55.93% |           6      3.39%     59.32% |           6      3.39%     62.71% |           6      3.39%     66.10% |           6      3.39%     69.49% |           6      3.39%     72.88% |           5      2.82%     75.71% |           5      2.82%     78.53% |           6      3.39%     81.92% |           6      3.39%     85.31% |           6      3.39%     88.70% |           6      3.39%     92.09% |           6      3.39%     95.48% |           6      3.39%     98.87% |           2      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |         341     99.13%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           1      0.29%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           0      0.00%     99.42% |           2      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total          344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       14174     97.44%     97.44% |          12      0.08%     97.53% |          12      0.08%     97.61% |          12      0.08%     97.69% |          12      0.08%     97.77% |          12      0.08%     97.86% |          12      0.08%     97.94% |          12      0.08%     98.02% |          12      0.08%     98.10% |          12      0.08%     98.19% |          12      0.08%     98.27% |          12      0.08%     98.35% |          12      0.08%     98.43% |          12      0.08%     98.52% |          12      0.08%     98.60% |          12      0.08%     98.68% |          12      0.08%     98.76% |          12      0.08%     98.85% |          12      0.08%     98.93% |          12      0.08%     99.01% |          12      0.08%     99.09% |          12      0.08%     99.18% |          12      0.08%     99.26% |          12      0.08%     99.34% |          12      0.08%     99.42% |          12      0.08%     99.51% |          12      0.08%     99.59% |          12      0.08%     99.67% |          12      0.08%     99.75% |          12      0.08%     99.84% |          12      0.08%     99.92% |          12      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total        14546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      1.54%      1.54% |           8      4.10%      5.64% |           8      4.10%      9.74% |           8      4.10%     13.85% |           7      3.59%     17.44% |           8      4.10%     21.54% |           8      4.10%     25.64% |           8      4.10%     29.74% |           6      3.08%     32.82% |           8      4.10%     36.92% |           7      3.59%     40.51% |           5      2.56%     43.08% |           7      3.59%     46.67% |           6      3.08%     49.74% |           5      2.56%     52.31% |           4      2.05%     54.36% |           4      2.05%     56.41% |           7      3.59%     60.00% |           8      4.10%     64.10% |           7      3.59%     67.69% |           4      2.05%     69.74% |           8      4.10%     73.85% |           7      3.59%     77.44% |           3      1.54%     78.97% |           4      2.05%     81.03% |           6      3.08%     84.10% |           7      3.59%     87.69% |           7      3.59%     91.28% |           6      3.08%     94.36% |           7      3.59%     97.95% |           4      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total          195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           4     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        3158     44.43%     44.43% |         127      1.79%     46.22% |         127      1.79%     48.00% |         127      1.79%     49.79% |         127      1.79%     51.58% |         127      1.79%     53.36% |         128      1.80%     55.16% |         128      1.80%     56.96% |         127      1.79%     58.75% |         127      1.79%     60.54% |         128      1.80%     62.34% |         128      1.80%     64.14% |         127      1.79%     65.93% |         127      1.79%     67.71% |         127      1.79%     69.50% |         128      1.80%     71.30% |         127      1.79%     73.09% |         128      1.80%     74.89% |         128      1.80%     76.69% |         127      1.79%     78.47% |         127      1.79%     80.26% |         127      1.79%     82.05% |         127      1.79%     83.84% |         127      1.79%     85.62% |         128      1.80%     87.42% |         128      1.80%     89.22% |         128      1.80%     91.02% |         127      1.79%     92.81% |         128      1.80%     94.61% |         127      1.79%     96.40% |         128      1.80%     98.20% |         128      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total         7108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           1      0.56%      0.56% |           3      1.69%      2.26% |           6      3.39%      5.65% |           6      3.39%      9.04% |           6      3.39%     12.43% |           6      3.39%     15.82% |           6      3.39%     19.21% |           6      3.39%     22.60% |           5      2.82%     25.42% |           5      2.82%     28.25% |           6      3.39%     31.64% |           6      3.39%     35.03% |           6      3.39%     38.42% |           6      3.39%     41.81% |           6      3.39%     45.20% |           6      3.39%     48.59% |           5      2.82%     51.41% |           5      2.82%     54.24% |           6      3.39%     57.63% |           6      3.39%     61.02% |           6      3.39%     64.41% |           5      2.82%     67.23% |           6      3.39%     70.62% |           6      3.39%     74.01% |           5      2.82%     76.84% |           5      2.82%     79.66% |           6      3.39%     83.05% |           6      3.39%     86.44% |           6      3.39%     89.83% |           6      3.39%     93.22% |           6      3.39%     96.61% |           6      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total          177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        3115     44.37%     44.37% |         126      1.79%     46.16% |         126      1.79%     47.96% |         126      1.79%     49.75% |         126      1.79%     51.55% |         126      1.79%     53.34% |         126      1.79%     55.13% |         126      1.79%     56.93% |         126      1.79%     58.72% |         126      1.79%     60.52% |         126      1.79%     62.31% |         126      1.79%     64.11% |         126      1.79%     65.90% |         126      1.79%     67.70% |         126      1.79%     69.49% |         126      1.79%     71.29% |         126      1.79%     73.08% |         126      1.79%     74.88% |         126      1.79%     76.67% |         126      1.79%     78.46% |         126      1.79%     80.26% |         126      1.79%     82.05% |         126      1.79%     83.85% |         126      1.79%     85.64% |         126      1.79%     87.44% |         126      1.79%     89.23% |         126      1.79%     91.03% |         126      1.79%     92.82% |         126      1.79%     94.62% |         126      1.79%     96.41% |         126      1.79%     98.21% |         126      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total         7021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |          31     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |          31     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |          31     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |          33     94.29%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           1      2.86%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          31    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        3148     44.61%     44.61% |         126      1.79%     46.40% |         126      1.79%     48.19% |         126      1.79%     49.97% |         126      1.79%     51.76% |         126      1.79%     53.54% |         126      1.79%     55.33% |         126      1.79%     57.11% |         126      1.79%     58.90% |         126      1.79%     60.69% |         126      1.79%     62.47% |         126      1.79%     64.26% |         126      1.79%     66.04% |         126      1.79%     67.83% |         126      1.79%     69.61% |         126      1.79%     71.40% |         126      1.79%     73.19% |         127      1.80%     74.99% |         126      1.79%     76.77% |         126      1.79%     78.56% |         126      1.79%     80.34% |         126      1.79%     82.13% |         126      1.79%     83.91% |         126      1.79%     85.70% |         126      1.79%     87.49% |         126      1.79%     89.27% |         126      1.79%     91.06% |         126      1.79%     92.84% |         126      1.79%     94.63% |         126      1.79%     96.41% |         126      1.79%     98.20% |         127      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total         7056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        1192      4.38%      4.38% |         843      3.10%      7.48% |         849      3.12%     10.60% |         848      3.12%     13.71% |         849      3.12%     16.83% |         837      3.08%     19.91% |         773      2.84%     22.75% |         848      3.12%     25.87% |         849      3.12%     28.99% |         834      3.06%     32.05% |         849      3.12%     35.17% |         848      3.12%     38.29% |         847      3.11%     41.40% |         848      3.12%     44.52% |         849      3.12%     47.64% |         774      2.84%     50.48% |         849      3.12%     53.60% |         844      3.10%     56.70% |         849      3.12%     59.82% |         848      3.12%     62.94% |         849      3.12%     66.06% |         846      3.11%     69.17% |         849      3.12%     72.29% |         848      3.12%     75.40% |         832      3.06%     78.46% |         835      3.07%     81.53% |         849      3.12%     84.65% |         848      3.12%     87.77% |         847      3.11%     90.88% |         815      3.00%     93.87% |         848      3.12%     96.99% |         819      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total        27212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |         504      8.78%      8.78% |         165      2.88%     11.66% |         159      2.77%     14.43% |         160      2.79%     17.22% |         162      2.82%     20.04% |         171      2.98%     23.02% |         235      4.09%     27.11% |         160      2.79%     29.90% |         162      2.82%     32.72% |         174      3.03%     35.76% |         159      2.77%     38.53% |         160      2.79%     41.31% |         162      2.82%     44.14% |         160      2.79%     46.92% |         159      2.77%     49.70% |         235      4.09%     53.79% |         155      2.70%     56.49% |         163      2.84%     59.33% |         159      2.77%     62.10% |         160      2.79%     64.89% |         162      2.82%     67.71% |         162      2.82%     70.53% |         159      2.77%     73.31% |         160      2.79%     76.09% |         179      3.12%     79.21% |         173      3.01%     82.23% |         159      2.77%     85.00% |         160      2.79%     87.79% |         162      2.82%     90.61% |         192      3.35%     93.95% |         159      2.77%     96.72% |         188      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total         5739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |         330      3.28%      3.28% |         311      3.09%      6.37% |         316      3.14%      9.51% |         315      3.13%     12.64% |         316      3.14%     15.78% |         311      3.09%     18.87% |         305      3.03%     21.90% |         315      3.13%     25.03% |         316      3.14%     28.18% |         313      3.11%     31.29% |         316      3.14%     34.43% |         315      3.13%     37.56% |         314      3.12%     40.68% |         315      3.13%     43.81% |         316      3.14%     46.95% |         309      3.07%     50.02% |         317      3.15%     53.17% |         317      3.15%     56.32% |         316      3.14%     59.46% |         315      3.13%     62.59% |         316      3.14%     65.73% |         315      3.13%     68.86% |         316      3.14%     72.00% |         315      3.13%     75.13% |         314      3.12%     78.25% |         312      3.10%     81.36% |         316      3.14%     84.50% |         315      3.13%     87.63% |         314      3.12%     90.75% |         308      3.06%     93.81% |         315      3.13%     96.94% |         308      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total        10062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         175    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS |          14     93.33%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          55     49.11%     49.11% |           5      4.46%     53.57% |           0      0.00%     53.57% |           1      0.89%     54.46% |           0      0.00%     54.46% |           5      4.46%     58.93% |          11      9.82%     68.75% |           1      0.89%     69.64% |           0      0.00%     69.64% |           3      2.68%     72.32% |           0      0.00%     72.32% |           1      0.89%     73.21% |           0      0.00%     73.21% |           1      0.89%     74.11% |           0      0.00%     74.11% |           7      6.25%     80.36% |           0      0.00%     80.36% |           1      0.89%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      0.89%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           1      0.89%     83.04% |           0      0.00%     83.04% |           1      0.89%     83.93% |           2      1.79%     85.71% |           4      3.57%     89.29% |           0      0.00%     89.29% |           1      0.89%     90.18% |           0      0.00%     90.18% |           7      6.25%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           4      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        3007     26.51%     26.51% |         268      2.36%     28.88% |         268      2.36%     31.24% |         268      2.36%     33.60% |         271      2.39%     35.99% |         268      2.36%     38.36% |         268      2.36%     40.72% |         269      2.37%     43.09% |         272      2.40%     45.49% |         268      2.36%     47.85% |         268      2.36%     50.22% |         268      2.36%     52.58% |         271      2.39%     54.97% |         268      2.36%     57.33% |         268      2.36%     59.69% |         270      2.38%     62.08% |         264      2.33%     64.40% |         268      2.36%     66.77% |         268      2.36%     69.13% |         268      2.36%     71.49% |         271      2.39%     73.88% |         268      2.36%     76.25% |         268      2.36%     78.61% |         269      2.37%     80.98% |         272      2.40%     83.38% |         268      2.36%     85.74% |         268      2.36%     88.11% |         268      2.36%     90.47% |         271      2.39%     92.86% |         268      2.36%     95.22% |         268      2.36%     97.58% |         274      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        11341                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS          56834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX           9028      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX          11341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only          240      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          10235      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks          2207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data              2804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA          175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA        11453      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          37274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock        12795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS          597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS          858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only          173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS          888      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX          177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX        11341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        23945      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         8720      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS           53      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         1035      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1217      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS          179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         5395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX         4669      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETS           94      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTO            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS           94      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         8720      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA          173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1217      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA        11341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS         1726      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock          858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS         1446      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX         1972      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock          544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock          521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_GETS        14791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTO           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS          103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        23945      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS         5709      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data           597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock          597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data          2175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks         2207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock         2207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock         4669      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock           53      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock         5395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.L1_GETS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         1035      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock          179      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
